May I ask which friend sent this to a group?
Where is your position, Miss Suhuai?
Just prepare these things, just prepare these things, just prepare these things.
Prepare these things, prepare these things, prepare these things, prepare these things
Just prepare these things. Just prepare these things. Just prepare these things. Just prepare these things.
These things are ready. These things are ready. These things are ready.
These things are ready. These things are ready. These things are ready. These things are ready.
Just prepare these things
I already knew you were capable
Did you see it?
How about these are the gifts we give at home?
The road forces you to escape well.
this is impossible
a student
What is his great ability?
After all, I am a student
But I'm still with you. I don't believe it.
What don’t you believe?
If you have this ability
What comment comes from Su Jiang?
Or are you waiting for you
these things
But really
It may not be your choice if you leave
Maybe
You are an impostor with that good name style
Although it should
At least things coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco coco
Cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa
Cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa
Cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa Cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa, cocoa